
Infocus Studio Web and USSD Application


Introduction
This project aims to develop both a web application and a USSD application for Infocus Studio Ltd, a photography and videography company based in Kigali city. The applications will facilitate various tasks for clients, including registration, ordering photography and videography services, payment, receiving confirmation messages, accessing pictures, and managing account login/logout.

Technologies Used
Flask (Python Framework) for web application development
MySQL for database management
Twilio API for USSD application development
Installation and Setup
Web Application (Flask)
Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone <repository_url>
Install dependencies:
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up MySQL database:
Create a MySQL database named infocus_studio
Import the provided infocus_studio.sql file to set up the necessary tables
Configure Flask:
Rename config.example.py to config.py
Update config.py with your database credentials
Run the application:
Copy code
python app.py
The web application will be accessible at http://localhost:5000
USSD Application (Twilio)
Set up a Twilio account and get your account SID and authentication token.
Purchase a Twilio phone number that supports SMS and voice calls.
Set up a webhook to handle incoming SMS messages and voice calls. This webhook will point to the URL where your Flask application is hosted.
Update the Flask application to handle incoming USSD requests using Twilio's Python SDK.
Deploy the Flask application to a server accessible via the internet.
Configure your Twilio phone number to use the webhook URL for SMS and voice calls.
Test the USSD application by sending SMS messages to your Twilio phone number.
Usage
Web Application
Navigate to the web application URL.
Register as a new client or log in if you already have an account.
Browse available photography and videography services.
Place orders for desired services.
Make payments securely using integrated payment gateways.
Receive confirmation messages for successful orders.
Access your pictures easily through the provided interface.
Log out from your account when done.
USSD Application
Dial the designated USSD code on your phone.
Follow the prompts to register, log in, and select desired services.
Complete orders and payments using the USSD menu.
Receive confirmation messages for successful transactions.

